---
title: 'Freshman Year Done'
date: '2024-4-30'
brief: "I am done! Who would've thought?"
---
Hi. It's been a minute. I haven't really had anything to write about, and I still don't really (maybe except one thing), but I feel like I need to show I didn't just make this blog to make a website.
# Semester 1
Looking back, I don't think I did enough in my first semester. I don't remember if I told myself I was going to take it easy or not, but it ended up being much more relaxed than my second semester–at least in terms of understanding the material. Two of my classes were kind of review for me since I took very similar courses in high school, one of them was meant to be very easy, and the other two weren't too challenging–in terms of getting a good grade, at least. I think if I could do it again, I would spend more time on doing stuff outside of class. I think since things were coming to me a lot quicker than I expected, I had to make sure everything was perfect in order to compensate. That's a dumb way of thinking. Near the end of the semester, I realized that people were actually doing things outside of class (which I never really was a fan of in high school), and I started feeling a little bit annoyed at myself: sure my grades are good, but what else do I have? Everyone else has *something.* So I went into winter break thinking I needed to do more.
# Semester 2
So I tried to do more in the second semester, but I didn't plan on my classes being so much harder than last semester: well, really it was just two classes: COMP and MATH, which doesn't really bode well given I'm trying to get into those fields, but I'm sure I'll get there–it just takes more time than maybe I gave myself. I was definitely getting out there more, which isn't really hard to do given I wasn't out there at all during the first semester, but at least I have *something* to say I do outside of class, regardless of how small it is. I liked all of my classes and I think it's a good balance for me, as long I pay a little bit more attention in the future. I think I need to be less meticulous in my studying: I ended up not using many of my notes because I just took too many, and I think lots of times I got lost in what the big picture was supposed to be. I really enjoyed my COMP and MATH classes, even though they were probably my two hardest classes this semester, so I guess that bodes well. My only regret is that I didn't take honors MATH this semester: my reasoning was I only really need to know how to do linear algebra, not all the intricate theorems and proofs and all that nonsense, but after taking that class I realized I actually liked math more than I thought; now I want to take more math courses, but I can't really register for any because they all require I take a proof-writing (really any honors math) class before. But we'll see, maybe I'll be able to special register. But I do feel better about my career: I'm more focused on theory in CS, which is related to math, and I've taken some interest in quantum computing/algorithms, but I don't know how it works at all, so I got a textbook online and I'm going to figure out this summer if I really like it or not. Really exciting stuff! I think I hung around fewer people this semester, which I don't mind so much since I'm closer to them now, but sometimes I feel like I should be closer to people to my major or people that I'm supposed to be better friends with for whatever reason. But social life is really not what I'm so worried about. I just want to learn more, and my summer's basically free, so I'll probably do that! Very exciting. Maybe I'll know enough to read research! Hopefully at least a little, but we'll see.
